For many, it was unusual for Herbert Fandel in a white shirt to know him for decades
football-germany actually only in the jersey of the referee
For a year he has been learned concert pianist out of the active
Referee work
instead, Fandel has now risen to the functionary wars since
first isaf-chef in the arbitration committee of the German
soccer Germany
a new unfamiliar role in the work is likely to grow quickly
Nevertheless, he was missing the job yesterday
Place just at Wm times
yes, I realize that here Renault is still there but it is already here again
There's a bit of grass growing over it, which is almost the same with Domat the big ones
Games sees percent that one is then no longer there
his lawyer I have a responsibility now for the chips star
All in all, a nice post, let's see what comes out of it
a dry dock in Leutkirch service of course yesterday intensively for the World Cup in
South Africa
especially to the achievements of Fandels international colleagues namely
are currently in difficulty because of many questionable decisions
Euro criticism is not entirely wrong as Fandel finds in the south north and that
I would not see it so they focus only the weak ones
umpire-services
the winning ones are ignored that we want a law that
in refereeing has been valid for two decades
Overall, we are the performance at different the extreme too big
who grab a clever stage
unlawfully guarded scorers
we can get too many
Too fast the talk hardly with the players let others with as well
Percent is going on what's on the socks above the player
Ivory Coast vs Brazil
Desert third are not penalized with the red card as a middle ground to
actually must be the thing for the World Cup
was not quite successful
Farnell is one who does not shy away from criticizing himself
but also one and that became clear to the masses
built an example of no to video evidence the current after the
do not dispute goal in game Germany vs. England back in the match
Discussion is born here as would referral but free fall
could be the chip in the ball is broken
and just to get this question Tor years a "clear decision"
I percent my guests that has little with video evidence and chip in the ball
do that you have to get ten the ball so clearly separated beaches sda
Romo four, I have the change
that is no different
Since we have no understanding for bass, there are a lot of scarce cases of crappy stuff
Eye does not note because Heidi Stern the chip in the ball and then I have
the clear decision
that will help us
will help the German referees but also an end to the
scandals
However, despite today's affair and the hammer realizes that Gandalf sees himself
The 46-year-old did not qualify as someone calm in the referee squad of the DFB
must contribute
Marcus Hock Trading
will certainly be the professional orientation of German referees
to make them professional
also to ensure that they do a good job
The Football League
I will not let it shake but we are in a time where you are with everything
must count
We referees are no better people as seen in the evening today
Scandal et cetera PP many things
those added now that you have to deal with but "I'm not in front of him
to say goodbye to the professional way
but look ahead to the things that are approaching me clearly and predictably
decide
and that is going to change that he has announced as his work as
Impartial Med sufficient intuition